Christian families try hard to follow the lead of God's spirit
in all aspects of life.
A serious health condition, though,
can cause us to question whether we have the strength
of God's spirit to endure.
Our team interviewed Felicity Sneesby and her parents.
Their trusting God's power through the Holy Spirit
can encourage any who face an ongoing test of faith.
Once for only when I got married,
we had hopes and dreams for the future.
We knew that not only our marriage,
but also the raising of our children
would be special because we had Jehovah.
And we were so excited when we found out
we were having our second child.
Ben and I went for our routine 20-week ultrasound.
We could see little hands moving.
Beautiful little face.
We found out at that ultrasound
that our baby was going to die when she was born
because she only had half a heart.
We were devastated. We were so sad.
It was almost like a mini goodbye.
The doctor told us there was no chance in Australia
that she could be upgraded on.
We had to look at getting a surgeon elsewhere
and we found one in the United States.
When we moved to America, we knew nobody.
And in the very first day,
70 brothers and sisters came to see us.
We knew that day that we were going to be okay,
that Jehovah was going to take care of us.
Despite one of the trials and challenges
that we faced, 22 heart surgery.
12 years later,
we have a beautiful daughter, her name is Felicity.
Mama dad is really good at helping us set goals
and fulfill our goals.
We have told Felicity for her whole life
that she's able to do whatever she wants to do.
She may not be able to do as quick as other people
or for as long as other people,
but there's nothing that she can't accomplish.
She set a goal to become an unbacked-sized publisher
when she was very young.
She set a goal then to become back-toised.
Straight away, as soon as she became back-toised,
she said, I want to exhilarate pioneer.
I wanted to pioneer because I knew I was going to give my all
to Jehovah.
When I got accepted as a regular pioneer,
I was really, really excited.
I'm encouraging others because it makes me feel good.
It helps me to not draw all the attention
to me, but to draw the attention to others.
In my recent years, I developed another condition
called protein-losing enteropathy,
but then in desire, I don't have enough energy
to run and jump like my sisters.
At least when we're really weak
and sometimes I need a wheelchair to walk.
I love family warships so much
because we get to sit down as a family
and practice some kingdom songs,
read a Bible story or watch the broadcast for the month.
I love fishing, having barbecues on the beach
and having hospitality,
so I love doing that with my family.
In the last six years,
we've nearly lost publicity four times.
As a mother, I've always found it necessary
just to maintain a positive attitude.
I've always tried to not feel well with me.
Why did this have to happen to me,
but just to keep a good frame of mind
it helped me to cope.
We're often taught at meetings to rely heavily upon Jehovah.
And it's all well and good to say that.
But when it comes to crunch time,
it can be really high.
But we've learned through our experiences
that if we respond to scriptures
such as Psalms 55, 22,
where it says to throw our burdens on Jehovah,
not hand them to him,
but throw them to him,
then he will sustain us through our hardest times.
One thing that really encouraged us during all of the time
that we've had medical problems,
was that we never isolated ourselves from Jehovah's organization.
We took advantage of all of the provisions
that he'd get in office to us.
We've got the hospital liaison committee,
the patient visitation elders.
A lot of the hospitality that we've been showing over the years
is actually really trained better than I to make sure
that we always extend that same spirit of hospitality
to other people.
When I'm doing my personal study
and I see a picture of paradise,
I imagine myself there.
I'm looking forward to getting 100% health
second, walk the dog, ride the horses,
ride my bike, and run.
I'm like everybody else, and I love serving Jehovah.
Jehovah is more powerful than my health problem,
and I know that he can fix it.
Felicity and her family have turned their trial
into an opportunity to build complete confidence in Jehovah.
One of Felicity's favorite scriptures,
Isaiah 4110, assures her that Jehovah will hold on to her
with his right hand of righteousness.
By the regular worship together,
her family maintains their strong faith.
That worship includes a full ministry
where 12-year-old Felicity has already been pioneering
for over a year with her parents.